[Music]
so today in runescape there are some new
weapons they seem very balanced for high
levels but unfortunately for low levels
like this combat level 60 that can hit a
72 the staff might be slightly
unbalanced it's called the volatile
nightmare staff and the damage scales
with the magic level so with a magic
potion I hit 70 with the imbued heart I
hit 72 the staff requires 75 magic and
50 hit points to wield this build has 50
hit points 91 magic in 27 prayer just in
case I scull up the staff is currently
two billion GP now you might be thinking
hey man I don't think you have to bill
and you would be right so I want to give
a huge shout out to Mint mad cow he's a
youtuber and streamer he lent me the
staff and we had a lot of fun together
with it his channel is linked in the
description definitely go subscribe to
him this account build with this staff
is definitely the most overpowered thing
in runescape right now for example as a
level 60 the max combat level I can
attack is level 75 like this guy
yeah so it does that to most players and
not bad loot I their five mil mint and I
tried it out at Green Dragons that's me
in the background with the staff and
it's basically like a stronger AGS that
can hit from a long distance away the
accounts I found really didn't have a
chance they couldn't see me from where I
was and mint told me when to come in
they had maybe a tick to react oh yeah
leave a like for scaling up with a to
build GP staff with only 27 prayer in
level 10 wilderness and I'm sure you
guys have either seen or heard about all
those gold farmers at black chins
[Music]
yeah the staff works great on them too
Chin's are also like 3.5 K each right
now and I would definitely recommend
having a rock scout for you and now a
quick word from the sponsor of this
video expressvpn I use Express VPN for
two purposes the first is when I'm in a
public place using Wi-Fi I don't want
people to be able to see my data I make
sure I'm connected to express VPN and I
know that my information is safe it's
really important because on an unsecured
public Wi-Fi network people may be able
to see your financial details account
login details and others types of
sensitive information that you don't
want stolen I also use it to mask my IP
address so that I know that I'm safer
from DDoS attacks which unfortunately in
the runescape community are prevalent
the VPN mask to your IP address by
allowing you to reroute your connection
to a different server of your choice so
people can actually see your true IP
address it's insanely easy to use you
can choose from lots of locations this
one Switzerland for example all you do
is click the power button and it's
connected in 3 seconds if you click the
link in the description you can find out
how you get 3 months for free expressvpn
comm slash SERP ugh
let's get back to the video I will say
the one weakness about this account is
having 50 hit points
everybody my level has at least a
granite mall and can easily ko me right
back but as long as I take the other
guy's g/mol I basically guarantee the
kill I think the best bill to use this
staff probably has 75 hit points and
then can also use a tormented bracelet
[Music]
whoo he has such bad rng like terrible
actually he's still gonna kill me I had
nothing I don't think so I'm not going
down that easy
all right probably could have gotten in
there even though I was on scold I was
risking around 4 mil so I didn't want to
go down oh we still made profit on the
kill not bad I don't know let me know
what you guys think in the comments
should it be nerfed at least for low
levels like this it seemed really unfair
to me and I'm not even a good PK err
[Music]
I'm not fazed at all oh I am faced oh it
didn't hit be quiet
that guy's sick every time I stepped out
of the safe zone there were two level 70
Plus G Mahler's who always instantly
tried to attack me
[Music]
nice now I want to test the staff out on
my level 78 Pierre 99 magic 82 hit
points so I can also wield the tormented
bracelet if we use the imbued heart to
pot up 75 so that's not much more that's
still really good for a level 78 though
all right we got a fight with the
Zurcher I just wanted to see if I can
hit mage through his armor that's the
only reason I'm fighting him these are
pretty high level actually I'm probably
gonna kill myself on his vengeance to be
honest yeah
oh I could've easily easily killed him
that was a huge chance just wait till I
get spec ready
well with sweet 300k the rest of my
fights at this combat bracket went a
little bit like this there weren't many
Zurcher zhan line and there were mostly
max G molars I feel like even at this
level the staff is an unbalanced when
the granite Maul can easily do this
[Music]
but again let me know what you think in
the comments I'm scold I'm risking a
bank
he has 84 strengths and I'm protecting I
didn't thank God and he's dead good
fight
that's really not worth that much is it
here we go Sam crab 69 god I'm almost
gonna die already Safety Clause spec oh
I was sick yeah he has 62 hip points so
I can technically just one hit him there
we go oh oh no it was close he wants to
fight though I might put I am protecting
item risking probably at what 30 mil I
hit a 5 Jesus I risked it in a hit of 5
the other thing to consider is that
especially against D hi Donny ously the
staff spec is not that accurate
[Music]
I would say I hit with kayo potential
like one in four one in five times yeah
okay but when it does hit that happens
here we go got a fight with Kol stats
Wow I just got destroyed the best part
about became with the staff on release
is definitely that nobody knew how much
it hit haribol Lou
[Music]
I don't even think it would have
mattered if he ate there he's just dead
I also don't know when this staff is
gonna drop in price it's only a few days
after release but the orb is still over
1.2 bill and the staff is still 500 plus
mils
[Music]
hopefully the prices go down so a lot of
you guys can also try it out my personal
opinion it is too overpowered if you can
just click on someone with a special
attack enabled and one hit them the
weapon is inherently unbalanced oh that
was almost just full HP so close oh I'm
getting rekt already Betty good luck
dude
ah got me oh my god here we go we got a
little risk fight here I don't think he
doesn't know I have the staff and why
would I ever risk fight anyone nice 40
oh he got me all right who is it tax
this guy oh that's bad that's bad
oh if it makes you feel better I also
got that in a very nice taste panorama
ah very nice he said a cult by the way
in case you're wondering
oh no just wanted oh just want to know
just wanted him youth oh no yay you did
this killer respect in this country now
there is another Orban game that might
be good for Peking it's called the
Harmonized orb it changes the speed of
offensive attacks on the regular
spellbook so instead of it taking five
ticks to cast fire surge it takes four
ticks I can't really tell how good
that'll be in PvP until I've tried it
but for some reason the orbs are still
going for like 1.4 bill I did build this
account and it did take quite a long
time I got all the way up to 91 magic so
if you enjoyed the video make sure to
leave a like and if you're not already
subscribed and like my content consider
doing that too see you guys later